Signed-out callback path coverage (#34385)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/security/blazor-web-app-with-oidc.md

  * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.RemoteAuthenticationOptions.CallbackPath>: The request path within the app's base path where the user-agent is returned.
  
    Configure the signed-out callback path in the app's OIDC provider registration. In the following example, the `{PORT}` placeholder is the app's port:

    > :::no-loc text="https://localhost:{PORT}/signin-oidc":::

    > [!NOTE]
    > A port isn't required for `localhost` addresses when using Microsoft Entra ID. Most other OIDC providers require the correct port.

>   * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutCallbackPath%2A> (configuration key: "`SignedOutCallbackPath`"): The request path within the app's base path intercepted by the OIDC handler where the user agent is first returned after signing out from Entra. The sample app doesn't set a value for the path because the default value of "`/signout-callback-oidc`" is used. After intercepting the request, the OIDC handler redirects to the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutRedirectUri%2A> or <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.AuthenticationProperties.RedirectUri%2A>, if specified.

Author: ```suggestion
  * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutCallbackPath%2A> (configuration key: "`SignedOutCallbackPath`"): The request path within the app's base path intercepted by the OIDC handler where the user agent is first returned after signing out from the identity provider. The sample app doesn't set a value for the path because the default value of "`/signout-callback-oidc`" is used. After intercepting the request, the OIDC handler redirects to the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutRedirectUri%2A> or <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.AuthenticationProperties.RedirectUri%2A>, if specified.
```

>   * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutCallbackPath%2A> (configuration key: "`SignedOutCallbackPath`"): The request path within the app's base path intercepted by the OIDC handler where the user agent is first returned after signing out from Entra. The sample app doesn't set a value for the path because the default value of "`/signout-callback-oidc`" is used. After intercepting the request, the OIDC handler finally redirects to the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutRedirectUri%2A> or <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.AuthenticationProperties.RedirectUri%2A>, if specified.

Author: ```suggestion
  * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutCallbackPath%2A> (configuration key: "`SignedOutCallbackPath`"): The request path within the app's base path intercepted by the OIDC handler where the user agent is first returned after signing out from Entra. The sample app doesn't set a value for the path because the default value of "`/signout-callback-oidc`" is used. After intercepting the request, the OIDC handler redirects to the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutRedirectUri%2A> or <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.AuthenticationProperties.RedirectUri%2A>, if specified.
```

* Path configuration: Paths must match the redirect URI (login callback path) and post logout redirect (signed-out callback path) paths configured when registering the application with the OIDC provider. In the Azure portal, paths are configured in the **Authentication** blade of the app's registration. Both the sign-in and sign-out paths must be registered as redirect URIs. The default values are `/signin-oidc` and `/signout-callback-oidc`.

    Configure the signed-out callback path in the app's OIDC provider registration. In the following example, the `{PORT}` placeholder is the app's port:

    > :::no-loc text="https://localhost:{PORT}/signin-oidc":::

    > [!NOTE]
    > A port isn't required for `localhost` addresses when using Microsoft Entra ID. Most other OIDC providers require the correct port.

>   * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutCallbackPath%2A> (configuration key: "`SignedOutCallbackPath`"): The request path within the app's base path where the user agent is returned after sign out from the OIDC identity provider. Typically, the app's configuration relies on the default value of "`/signout-callback-oidc`".

Author: ```suggestion
  * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutCallbackPath%2A> (configuration key: "`SignedOutCallbackPath`"): The request path within the app's base path intercepted by the OIDC handler where the user agent is first returned after signing out from Entra. The sample app doesn't set a value for the path because the default value of "`/signout-callback-oidc`" is used. After intercepting the request, the OIDC handler redirects to the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutRedirectUri%2A> or <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.AuthenticationProperties.RedirectUri%2A>, if specified.
```

>   * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutCallbackPath%2A> (configuration key: "`SignedOutCallbackPath`"): The request path within the app's base path intercepted by the OIDC handler where the user agent is first returned after signing out from Entra. The sample app doesn't set a value for the path because the default value of "`/signout-callback-oidc`" is used. After intercepting the request, the OIDC handler redirects to the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutRedirectUri%2A> or <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.AuthenticationProperties.RedirectUri%2A>, if specified.

Author: ```suggestion
  * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutCallbackPath%2A> (configuration key: "`SignedOutCallbackPath`"): The request path within the app's base path intercepted by the OIDC handler where the user agent is first returned after signing out from the identity provider. The sample app doesn't set a value for the path because the default value of "`/signout-callback-oidc`" is used. After intercepting the request, the OIDC handler redirects to the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.OpenIdConnectOptions.SignedOutRedirectUri%2A> or <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.AuthenticationProperties.RedirectUri%2A>, if specified.
```
